I'm going to the headquarters. Do I need to be in a hurry?
Another day when I'm at home, would you like me to make food?
What else? Please change,
Is there something urgent at home?
Looking for something?
Come if you wish, I have something to talk to you about.
Come in, everyone is here,
I opened the door and dismissed.
Why bother, agree to divorce,
Moreover, please leave the house, I am responsible for the family.
He will bless the owners of the society, and it is no wonder that he is in charge alone.
Then you are doing a bad job with your annual exemption
I can say that he can change it
It's because he's not qualified enough
Originally, your remaining family was not worthy of our family.
If it weren't for him, our old man's life would be in jeopardy
It's you who are responsible for us
He is not qualified to write
Anyway one year later
you must divorce
It’s just that Yancheng doesn’t have this kind of medicine anymore.
You must take the anti-luck medicine obediently
This leftover woman
Not qualified to have a child left with Yancheng
Ms. Bai has not been married for three years
Never pestered her
Three thirds and five times of cultivation
I'm going to ask my dad to come over today.
Is she going too far?
First of all, what I said doesn’t sit well with you, right? Finish it
Don't use our stupid money
If you want to pass it, you will have to pay tens of millions of dollars.
Don’t count if you don’t roll over.
How many truths can you tell Yuan Cheng?
What to say and what not to say
You don’t believe me either. How about you, Ms. Bai? Ms. Bai?